Add ERC7579 Account and validator modules (#5250)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/early-parrots-study.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `FactoryBase`: A simple clone factory used for deploying ERC4337 initializable accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FactoryBase`: A simple clone factory used for deploying ERC-4337 initializable accounts.
```
